id | name | data type | cardinality | description
-- | -- | -- | -- | --
id | Repository identifier | string | 1..1 | Handle identifier of the NKR record (autogenerated).
handleUrl | Handle identifier | string | | Persistent identifier for the record.
codeName | Codename for the repository (internal use only) | string | | 
repositoryName | Repository name | string | 1..1 | Official repository name (usually in the original language).
additionalName | Alternative repository names | string | 0..n | Alternative repository name or acronym of the official name.
descriptionCz | Description in Czech | string  | 0..1 | Repository description in Czech.
descriptionEn | Description in English | string  | 0..1 | Repository description in English.
type | Repository type | enum | 0..1 | Repository type according to its content and purpose.
status | Repository status | enum | 0..1 | Actual repository development or production status.
startProduction | Start of production phase | date | 0..1 | The date when the repository moves or will move into the production phase. This can also be a planned date in the future.
endProduction | End of production phase | date | 0..1 | The date when the repository has passed or will pass into the decommissioned phase. This may also be a planned date in the future.
subject | Subject classification | enum | 0..n | Field(s) to which the repository content is dedicated, as defined by the Frascati Manual. If the repository is generic, covering all subjects, it is necessary to select all subjects one by one.
keywordCz | Keywords in Czech | string | 0..n | Freely formed keyword in Czech that describes the content and focus of the repository.
keywordEn | Keywords in English | string | 0..n | Freely formed keyword in English that describes the content and focus of the repository.
mainUrl | Main repository URL | uri | 0..1 | URL of the repository home page.
mainContact | Main contact | email | 0..n | Contact for end-users (e.g. a generic email.).
contactList | Contact list for the repository. Provide a link to an object of type ContactList. | string | 0..1 | 
organization | Organizations | object | 0..n | Organization(s) responsible for the repository management or specific part of the repository management (could be large research infrastructure or consortium). Provide a link to an object of type Organization.
organization.organizationId | Organization | handle reference | 1..1 | 
organization.organizationRole | Role | enum | 1..1 | 
workingGroup | Relevant EOSC CZ working groups | enum | 0..n | EOSC CZ working groups relevant for the repository.
workingGroup.Working Group | Working Group | enum | 1..1  | 
fundingProject | Funding projects | string | 0..n | Funding grants or projects. Provide a link to an object of type Project.
fundingProject.Project | Project | handleReference | 1..1 | 
policy | Repository policies | object | 0..n | Repository policies.
policy.policyUrl | Policy URL | uri | 1..1 | 
policy.policyType | Policy type | enum | 1..1 | 
license | Supported licenses | enum | 0..n | Licenses supported by the repository.
software | Software | string | 0..n | Software used in the repository. Select from the list or enter your own text.
repoGit | Git platforms | uri | 0..n | The repository or organization on GitHub or another platform for code versioning (URL address of the project landing page on Git or another platform) for general or customized software used for desribed repository.
serviceQueue | Service queue for the repository. Provide a link to an object of type ServiceQueue. | string | 0..1 | 
versioning | Versioning support | boolean | 0..1 | Information if the repository supports versioning of files and metadata.
relatedPublication | Support for related publications | boolean |  | Information if the repository offers the possibility to link metadata records of the datasets with metadata of another related resources (articles, software, another datasets etc.).
pidType | Persistent identifier type used in the repository | uri | 0..n | For definiton of PIDs in the repository, use the Wikidata URI of the identifier, eg. https://www.wikidata.org/entity/Q25670 for DOI identifier used in described repository.
doiPrefix | DOI prefixes | string | 0..n | If the repository provides DOI identifier(s), enter the DOI prefix(es).
handlePrefix | Handle prefixes | string | 0..n | If the repository provides Handle identifier(s), enter the Handle prefix(es).
pidPerson | Supported persistent identifiers for persons | enum | 0..n | Select the type of persistent identifiers which are used in the repository for person identification.
certificate | Repository certification | enum | 0..n | The type of certification that the repository has obtained.
metadataStandard | Metadata standards | object | 0..n | Metadata standards used in the repository. Provide a link to an object of type MetadataSchema.
metadataStandard.metadataStandardId | Metadata standard | handle reference | 1..1 | 
metadataStandard.metadataStandardUsage | Usage | enum | 1..1 | Usage of the metadata standard in the repository.
restApi | Repository REST API | object | 0..n | Information about the repository REST API.
restApi.restApiEndpoint | Endpoint | uri | 1..1 | REST API endpoint (URL address) of the repository.
restApi.restApiSpecification | Specification | uri | 1..1 | Documentation or specification of the repository REST API (a set of instructions on how to work with API and how to send queries, eg. OpenAPI specification).
sparqlApi | Repository SPARQL API | object | 0..n | Information about the repository SPARQL API.
sparqlApi.sparqlApiEndpoint | Endpoint | uri | 1..1 | SPARQL API endpoint (URL address) of the repository.
sparqlApi.sparqlApiSpecification | Specification | uri | 1..1 | Documentation or specification of the repository SPARQL API (a set of instructions on how to work with the API and how to send queries).
oaipmhEndpoint | Repository OAI-PMH endpoints | uri | 0..1 | OAI-PMH endpoints (URL address) of the repository.
documentationTech | Technical documentation | uri | 0..n | Repository technical documentation (repository architecture, parameters of used software, functions etc.).
documentationUser | User documentation | uri | 0..n | Repository user documentation (for using the repository).
controlledVocabulary | Controlled vocabularies | handle reference | 0..n | Controlled vocabularies used in the repository. Provide a link to an object of type ControlledVocab.
datasetMaxSize | Dataset size limit | number | 0..1 | The maximum possible size of the uploaded dataset. Please specify in GB.
sensitiveData | Support for sensitive data | boolean | 0..1 | Information if the repository supports sensitive data deposit.
datasetType | Supported dataset types | enum | 0..n | Type(s) of the supported dataset(s).d.
uiLanguage | UI languages | enum | 0..n | Language(s) of the reposiory UI.
fip | FAIR Implementation Profiles | handle reference | 0..n | FAIR Implementation Profiles linked to the repository. Provide a link to an object of type FIP.
relatedRegistry | Registry record | object | 0..n | Information on whether the repository is registered.
relatedRegistry.relatedRegistryUrl | URL of the registry entry | uri | 1..1 | 
relatedRegistry.relatedRegistryName | Registry name | enum | 1..1 | 
indexedIn | Indexed in aggregator | object | 0..n | Information on whether the repository is indexed in an aggregator.
indexedIn.indexedInUrl | URL of the repository in the aggregator | uri | 1..1 | URL address that points to the repository records indexed in the aggragator. Example: https://explore.openaire.eu/search/dataprovider?datasourceId=opendoar____::01894d6f048493d2cacde3c579c315a3
indexedIn.indexedInName | Aggregator name | enum | 1..1 | 
remarks | Remarks | string  | 0..1 | Any remarks which are not possible to enter in another field.



